Use Data Grid density for `DataGridToolbar`'s density (#3337)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/large-moons-kiss.md

---
"@comet/admin": minor
---

Deprecate `density` prop of `DataGridToolbar`

> The usage of the `density` prop in `DataGridToolbar` is now deprecated as DataGrid now controls the styling of DataGridToolbar based on its density setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The density setting of the surrounding Data Grid now controls the styling of the toolbar.
```
